Add changelog for filtering by review status for ClinVar variants (#130)
broadinstitute/gnomad-blog: content/changelog/2023-09-clinvar-variants-filter-by-review-status.md

---
title: Filter ClinVar Variants by review status
date: "2023-09-19"
order: 1
---

The ClinVar variants track now includes an option to filter by review status. ClinVar assigns a [review status](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/clinvar/docs/review_status/) to each variant, along with a corresponding number of gold stars, ranging from 0 to 4 stars. 

> With the addition of this new feature, users will now find a dropdown filter option within the ClinVar variants track with the following options: **All Stars**, **1+ Stars**, **2+ Stars**, **3+ Stars**, **4 Stars**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users will now be able to filter ClinVar variants based on review status by selecting one of the following options from a dropdown: **All Stars**, **1+ Stars**, **2+ Stars**, **3+ Stars**, **4 Stars**.
```
minor rewording. I also wanted to double check here after the project meeting -- are the options still going to be 1+/2+/3+/4 Stars (vs >=1 / >=2 / >=3 / 4)?

Author: Thank you! and yes the options are going to be 0-4 stars (instead of all stars), >=1, etc. I'm planning on redoing the changelog (with an updated video) after the changes to the browser are ready and merged
